tiflow: adjust README files (#5375)
pingcap/tiflow: README.md

# TiFlow

[![Build Status](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/actions/workflows/check_and_build.yaml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/actions/workflows/check_and_build.yaml?query=event%3Apush+branch%3Amaster)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/pingcap/tiflow/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/pingcap/tiflow)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/pingcap/tiflow/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/pingcap/tiflow)
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/pingcap/tiflow.svg)](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/pingcap/tiflow)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/pingcap/tiflow)

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introduction

```

Author: done

> **TiFlow** is a unified data replication platform around [TiDB](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable), including two main components: DM and CDC. DM supports full data migration and incremental data replication from MySQL/MariaDB into [TiDB](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable). CDC supports replicating change data to various downstreams, including MySQL protocol-compatible databases, message queues via the open CDC protocol and other systems such as local file storage. More details can be found in [DM README](./README_DM.md) and [CDC README](./README_CDC.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TiFlow** is an unified data replication platform around [TiDB](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable), including two main components: DM and TiCDC. DM supports full data migration and incremental data replication from MySQL/MariaDB into [TiDB](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable). TiCDC supports replicating change data from TiDB to various downstreams, including MySQL protocol-compatible databases, message queues via the open CDC protocol and other systems such as local file storage. More details can be found in [DM README](./README_DM.md) and [TiCDC README](./README_CDC.md).
```

Author: `A unified` is correct because of having consonant sound.

Author: TiCDC or CDC ? @nongfushanquan
